yo what's up different surroundings min
oo in my brother's house I still got
hook y'all up this product some good
price ten dollars off musclepharm armor
V now this is a superfood it's a
multivitamin multi-nutrient complex as
they call it ten dollars off only 1999 a
day has all your vitamins and minerals
in there BAM even as an apple in a lake
a mega omega-3 blend even have some
coconut oil in it mega green complex
fruit and veggie blend looking for
overall milk thistle for system
maintenance intoxication not bad at all
this is one of those products that does
pretty much at all it's a healthy
healthy thing to take six capsules per
serving but let me put it to this way
you're going to get 180 capsules per
bhalla good deal for 1999 you can't go
wrong I know people love muscle pharm
really glad to have this out today
really glad to have this deal for you
again ten dollars off you can't beat it
we're ready to go as at midnight Eastern
Standard Time man I'm hungry my brother
and I just got done training some legs
and I like fitness up here in illinois
and elgin and i'll tell you what man 5am
legs that will test your manhood that
really will my body was tight from
driving but i think it's going to make
me feel better the entire entire day
they're excited about today I'm going to
get some work done but I want to get
this deal to you hopefully I'll get some
more of the ask the machine videos done
today too so keep an eye on this channel
and I my brother my mother and I might
have a good series for you it's called
the ELS series ii thought shit we're
going to show you how to order and eat
out in restaurants healthy showing that
we don't need the government to regulate
what we can and can't order in
restaurant New York up big gulps sons of
bitches taken away my rights to order a
damn 32-ounce diet coke screw you
Bloomberg screw you anyway check it out
we're going to show you how to do that
today showing that personal
responsibility can make it so you can
order healthy anywhere but other than
that man is time to rock ten dollars off
deal of the day our Murphy Marco minor
Tiger fitness com
the kids screaming in the background
again just like a tmw video they have
like 400 million subscribers maybe
that's what I need peace out